1. Write the output result of the following code.
<br>int x = 10;
<br>int y = 20;
<br>int z (++x) + (y--);
<br>System.out.println(z);
- 30
2. Write the output result of the following code.
<br>int score = 85;
<br>String result = (!(score>90))? "가":"나";
<br>System.out.println(result);
- 가
3. The following code is about when distributing 534
pencils to 30 students, getting how many can one person have
and how many remains at the end. Write the codes that would
fit into ( ) sequentially.
<br>int pencils = 534;
<br>int students = 30;
<br>
<br>// how many pencils per student
<br>int pencilsPerStudent = ( );
<br>System.out.println(pencilsPerStudent);
<br>
<br>// how many pencils are remaining
<br>int pencilsLeft = ( );
<br>System.out.println(pencilsLeft);
<br>
<br>- 534 / 30
<br>- 534 % 30
<br>4. The following code is to abandon under 3 digits over the
decimal point. when the variable value is 356, make it result
in 300 by writing a proper code into ( )(only use the arithmetic
operators).
<br>int value = 356;
<br>System.out.println( );
<br>- value / 100 * 100
<br>- (value) - (value % 100)
<br>5. The following code is getting area of a trapezium. To allow
the digits under the decimal point be shown correctly, choose
all the possible codes that could go into ( ).
<br>int lengthTop = 5;
<br>int lengthBottom = 10;
<br>int height = 7;
<br>double area = ( );
<br>System.out.println(area);
<br>- 1. (lengthTop + lengthBottom) * height / 2.0
<br>- 2. (lengthTop + lengthBottom) * height * 1.0 / 2
<br>- 3. (double) (lengthTop + lengthBottom) * height / 2
<br>6. The following code is a compound operation expression of
comparison operators and logical operators. Write the output
result of the operation expression.
<br>int x = 10;
<br>int y = 5;
<br>System.out.println( (x > 7) && (y <= 5) );
<br>System.out.println( (x % 3 == 2) && (y % 2 != 1) );
<br><br>true
<br>false
<br>7. The following is adding 10 to the result of a % operation.
Write the code to go into the ( ) to check NaN for printing
the correct result.
<br>double x = 5.0;
<br>double y = 0.0;
<br>double z = 5 % y;
<br>if ( ) {
<br>    System.out.println("Cannot divide by 0.0.");
<br>} else {
<br>    double result = z + 10;
<br>    System.out.println("결과: " + result);
<br>}
<br><br>Double.isNaN(z)
