1. What is the wrong description about objects and classes?
- 3. Only one object can be created per one class.
2. What is not a member that consists in a class?
- 4. Local varible(로컬 변수)
3. What is the wrong description about Field, Constructor,
Method?
- 4. A class has to have field and method.
4. What is the wrong description about field?
- 3. A field can only be declared before declaring a constructor. ???
5. What is the wrong description about constructors?
- 1. Calling a constructor is not required to make a new object.
6. What is the wrong description about method?
- 3. When you don't know how many arguments there would be, you
can use "···" to declare arguments.
7. What is the wrong description about Method Overloading?
- 2. The return types have to be different.
8. What is the wrong description about Instance Member and Static
Member?
- 2. Instance field can be initialized in constructor and static
block.
9. What is the wrong description about final field and a constant
(static field)?
- 2. final field and constant can be initialized in a constructor.
10. What is the wrong description about packages?
- 4. A class affiliated to(소속된) com.mycom package works after
being relocated to com.yourcom package.
11. What is the wrong description about Access Modifiers
(접근 제한자)?
- 3. default access modifier limits use inside its own class.
12. From the following class, write which members are either one
of Field, Constructor, Method in ( ).
<br>public class Member{
<br>private String name; ----------> ( )
<br>public Member(String name) { ··· } ----------> ( )
<br>public void setName(String name) { ··· } ----------> ( )
<br>}
<br><br>Field<br>Constructor<br>Method
13. We are about to do modelling a real world's member into
Member class. A member's data consists of name, ID, Password,
Age. Declare the Member class which has those data.
<br>Data Name / Field Name / Type
<br>Name / name / String
<br>ID / id / String
<br>Password / password / String
<br>Age / age / integer
<br>
<br>public class Member {
<br>public String name;
<br>public String id;
<br>public String password;
<br>public int age;
<br>}
<br>14. From the Member class written at 13., we are about to add
a constructor. As following, generate a constructor to
initialize the name and id field with the values received from
outside.
<br>Member user1 = new Member("홍길동", "hong");
<br>
<br>public Member(String name, String id) {
<br>this.name = name;
<br>this.id = id;
<br>}
<br>15. When calling login() method, provide id and password as
parameters, while logout() method would only provide id as
a parameter. See the following condition and example code then
declare login(), logout() method inside the MemberService class.
<br>1. login() method only returns true when parameter id is
"hong", parameter password is "12345"
<br>2. logout() method has to print id + "has logged out"
<br>return type | method name | parameter(type)
<br>boolean | login | id(String), password(String)
<br>void | logout | id(String)
<br>MemberService memberService = new MemberService();
<br>boolean result = memberService.login("hong", "12345");
<br>if(result) {
<br>System.out.println("로그인 되었습니다.")'
<br>memberService.logout("hong");
<br>} else {
<br>System.out.println("id or password is incorrect.");
<br>}
<br><br>public class MemberService() {
<br>public boolean login(String id, String password) {
<br>if (id.equals("hong") && password.equals("12345")) {
<br>return true;
<br>}
<br>else {
<br>return false;
<br>}
<br>}
<br><br>public void logout(String id) {
<br>if (id.equals("hong")) {
<br>System.out.println(id + " has logged out");
<br>}
<br>}
<br>16. println() method prints its parameter onto console.
The parameters of println() method could be int, boolean,
double, String type values. See the following conditions
and example code then declare println() method by
overloading from Printer class.
<br>return type | method name | parameter(type)
<br>void | println | value(int, boolean, double, String)
<br><br>Printer printer = new Printer();
<br>printer.println(10);
<br>printer.println(true);
<br>printer.println(5.7);
<br>printer.println("홍길동");
<br><br>public class Printer {
<br>
<br>    public void println(int value) {
<br>        System.out.println(value);
<br>    }
<br>
<br>    public void println(boolean value) {
<br>        System.out.println(value);
<br>    }
<br>
<br>    public void println(double value) {
<br>        System.out.println(value);
<br>    }
<br>
<br>    public void println(String value) {
<br>        System.out.println(value);
<br>    }
<br><br>}
<br>17. At question 16., we created Printer object then called
println() method. This time, modify the Printer class so that
it could be called as the following without creating the
Printer object.
<br>Printer.println(10);
<br>Printer.println(true);
<br>Printer.println(5.7);
<br>Printer.println("홍길동");
<br>
<br>    public static void println(int value) {
<br>        System.out.println(value);
<br>    }
<br>
<br>    public static void println(boolean value) {
<br>        System.out.println(value);
<br>    }
<br>
<br>    public static void println(double value) {
<br>        System.out.println(value);
<br>    }
<br>
<br>    public static void println(String value) {
<br>        System.out.println(value);
<br>    }
