1. What is the falsely explained thing about a variable?
- 4. A variable can be read while its initialized value is
not saved.
2. Choose everything that cannot be used as a variable name.
- 2. class
- 3. 6hour
<br>~~- 4. $value~~
<br>~~- 5. _age~~
- 6. #name
3. Write the primitive 8 types of Java.
<br>1 byte integer : byte
<br>2 bytes integer : short, char
<br>4 bytes integer : int
<br>8 bytes integer : long
<br>4 bytes floating point : float
<br>8 bytes floating point : double
<br>1 byte boolean : boolean
4. Write the correspondings of the type, variable name,
literals from the following code.
<br>int age;
<br>age = 10;
<br>double price = 3.14;
<br><br>type : int, double
<br>variable name : age, price
<br>literal : 10, 3.14
5. Choose the one causing a compile error from the following
promotion(자동 타입 변환).
<br>byte byteValue = 10;
<br>char charValue = 'A';
- 3. short shortValue = charValue;
6. From the following casting(강제 타입 변환), choose the one
causing a compile error.
<br>int intValue = 10;
<br>char charValue = 'A';
<br>double doubleValue = 5.7;
<br>String strValue = "A";
- 4. char var = (char) strValue;
7. What is the wrong initialization of a variable?
- 3. char var3 = ''; // two subsequent single quotation marks
8. Choose the one wrong description of how to input and output
on a console.
<br>~~- 4. Scanner's nextLine() method reads the content written on
the console as a String.~~
- 3. System.out.printf("format", variable) changes the variable
value as the given format.
9. Among the type conversion of the operation expressions,
choose the one that occurs a compile error.
- 1. byte result = byteValue + byteValue;
10. Choose the wrong code that converts a String to a primitive
type.
- 2. int var2 = Int.parseInt(str);
11. From the following code, write all the lines that cause
compile errors.
<br>int v1 = 1;
<br>System.out.println("v1: " + v1);
<br>if(true) {
<br>  int v2 = 2;
<br>  if(true) {
<br>    int v3 = 2;
<br>    System.out.println("v1: " + v1);
<br>    System.out.println("v2: " + v2);
<br>    System.out.println("v3: " + v3);
<br>  }
<br>  System.out.println("v1: " + v1);
<br>  System.out.println("v2: " + v2);
<br>  System.out.println("v3: " + v3); // 10
<br>}
<br>System.out.println("v1: " + v1);
<br>System.out.println("v2: " + v2); // 13
<br>- 10.
<br>- 13.
