1. What is the falsely explained about conditional statements
and repetitive statements?
- 2. The variable that can be used in a switch statement are
int, double.
2. Convert the left switch statement into an Expression then
write on the right.
<br>String grade = "B";
<br><br>int score1 = 0;
<br>switch (grade) {
<br>case "A":
<br>score1 = 100;
<br>break;
<br>case "B":
<br>int result = 100 - 20;
<br>score1 = result;
<br>break;
<br>default:
<br>score1 = 60;
<br>}
<br><br>...
<br><br>String grade = "B";
<br><br>int score = switch(grade) {
<br>case "A" -> 100;
<br>case "B" -> {
<br>int result = 100 - 20;
<br>yield result;
<br>}
<br>default -> 60;
<br>};
3. Using for statement, write a code that prints all the
sum of multiples of 3 from integer range 1 to 100.
<br>int result1 = 0;
<br>for(int i = 1; i<100; i++) {
<br>if(i % 3 == 0) {
<br>result1 += i;
<br>}
<br>}
<br>System.out.println(result1);
4. Use while statement and Math.random() method to write a code
that prints the spots on two dies in a form of (dice1, dice2), if
the sum of two dies are not 5 then keep rolling those dices, if
the sum is 5 then stop the running. The cases when the sum of
the dices become 5 are (1, 4), (4, 1), (2, 3), (3, 2).
<br>int sum1 = 0; int dice1 = 0; int dice2 = 0;
<br>while(sum1 != 5) {
<br>dice1 = (int) ((Math.random()) * 6 + 1);
<br>dice2 = (int) ((Math.random()) * 6 + 1);
<br>System.out.println("(" + dice1 + ", " + dice2 + ")");
<br>sum1 = dice1 + dice2;
<br>}
5. Using a nested for statement, write a code that prints all
the values of the equation 4x + 5y = 60 as form of (x, y).
However, x and y are natural numbers of 10 or under.
<br>for(int i = 1; i <= 10; i++) {
<br>for(int j = 1; j <= 10; j++) {
<br>if((i * 4 + 5 * j) == 60) {
<br>System.out.println("(" + i + ", " + j + ")");
<br>}
<br>}
<br>}
6. Using a for statement, write a code that results as the
following.
<br>*
<br>**
<br>***
<br>****
<br>*****<br>
<br>for(int i = 1; i <= 5; i++) {
<br>for(int j = 1; j <= i; j++) {
<br>System.out.print("*");
<br>}
<br>System.out.println();
<br>}
7. Using the while statement and nextLine() method of the
Scanner, write a code that provides deposit, withdrawal,
inquiry, termination(종료) functionalities with the data input
from keyboard, as the following.
<br>-------------------------------------------------
<br>1. deposit 2. withdrawal 3.inquiry 4. termination
<br>-------------------------------------------------
<br>choose> 1
<br>amount to deposit>10000
<br>
<br>-------------------------------------------------
<br>1. deposit 2. withdrawal 3.inquiry 4. termination
<br>-------------------------------------------------
<br>choose> 2
<br>withdrawal amount>2000
<br>
<br>-------------------------------------------------
<br>1. deposit 2. withdrawal 3.inquiry 4. termination
<br>-------------------------------------------------
<br>choose> 3
<br>balance>8000
<br>
<br>-------------------------------------------------
<br>1. deposit 2. withdrawal 3.inquiry 4. termination
<br>-------------------------------------------------
<br>choose>4
<br>
<br>program terminated
<br><br>import java.util.Scanner;
<br>Scanner sc = new Scanner(System.in);
<br>int balance = 0;
<br><br>String input1 = "0";
<br>int input2 = 0;
<br>while(!input1.equals("4")) {
<br>System.out.println("-------------------------------------------------");
<br>System.out.println("1. deposit 2. withdrawal 3.inquiry 4. termination");
<br>System.out.println("-------------------------------------------------");
<br>System.out.print("choose>");
<br>input1 = sc.nextLine();
<br>if (input1.equals("1")) {
<br>System.out.print("amount to deposit>");
<br>input2 = Integer.parseInt(sc.nextLine());
<br>balance += input2;
<br>System.out.println();
<br>} else if (input1.equals("2")) {
<br>System.out.print("withdrawal amount>");
<br>input2 = Integer.parseInt(sc.nextLine());
<br>balance -= input2;
<br>System.out.println();
<br>} else if (input1.equals("3")) {
<br>System.out.println("balance>" + balance);
<br>System.out.println();
<br>} else if (input1.equals("4")) {
<br>System.out.println("\nprogram terminated");
<br>System.out.println();
<br>}
<br>}
